add some explanatory notes and warnings (#391)
griffithlab/pVACtools: docs/pvacseq/filter_commands.rst

If there are multiple top epitopes for a variant with the same ic50 score, the
first one is chosen.

It is important to note that there are several reasons why a particular variant can lead to multiple peptides
with different predicted binding affinities. The following can result in multiple peptides and/or binding predictions for a single
variant:

> 1. Different peptide lengths. e.g. if you specify multiple lengths, you get similar but non-idential peptide sequences for each 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Different epitope lengths: specifying multiple epitope lengths results in similar but non-identical epitope sequences for each 
```

variant (e.g. KLPEPCPS, KLPEPCPST, KLPEPCPSTT, KLPEPCPSTTP).

> 2. Different registers. pvacseq will test peptides where the mutation is in every postion (e.g. EPCPSTTP, PEPCPSTT, LPEPCPST, KLPEPCPS, ...).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Different registers: pVACseq will test epitopes where the mutation is in every position (e.g. EPCPSTTP, PEPCPSTT, LPEPCPST, KLPEPCPS, ...).
```

> 3. Different transcripts. In some case the peptide sequence surrounding a variant will depend on the reference transcript sequence, particularly

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Different transcripts: in some case the peptide sequence surrounding a variant will depend on the reference transcript sequence, particularly
```

if there are alternative splice sites near the variant position.

> 4. Different HLA alleles. The HLA allele that produces the best predicted binding affinity is chosen.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Different HLA alleles: the HLA allele that produces the best predicted binding affinity is chosen.
```

5. A homozygous somatic variant with heterozygous proximal variants nearby may produce multiple different peptides.

The significance of choosing a single representative peptide can depend on your experimental or clinical aims.
For example, if you are planning to use short peptide sequences exactly as they were assessed 

> for binding affinity in pvacseq (e.g. specific 9-mers for in vitro experimental validation or perhaps a dendritic cell vaccine delivery 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
for binding affinity in pVACseq (e.g. specific 9-mers for in vitro experimental validation or perhaps a dendritic cell vaccine delivery 
```

approach) then the selection of a specific peptide from the possibilities caused by different lengths, registers, etc. 
is very important. In some cases you may wish to consider more criteria beyond which of these candidates has the best 
predicted binding affinity and gets chosen by the Top Score Filter. 

On the other hand, if you plan to use synthetic long peptides (SLPs) or encode your candidates in a DNA vector, you will likely include 
flanking amino acids. This means that you often get a lot of the different short peptides that correspond to slightly different lengths or 

> registers within the longer containing sequence. In this scenario, pvacseq's choice of a single candidate peptide by the Top Score Filter 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
registers within the longer containing sequence. In this scenario, pVACseq's choice of a single candidate peptide by the Top Score Filter 
```

isn't actually that critical in the sense of losing other good candidates, because you may get them all anyway.

One important exception to this is the rare case where the same variant leads to different peptides in different transcripts 

> (due to different splice site usage). In this case, pvacseq still selects the top candidate as described above but including flanking 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
(due to different splice site usage). In this case, pVACseq still selects the top candidate as described above but including flanking 
```

amino acid sequence won't help because you are only doing this from a single transcript. If multiple transcripts are expressed and 
lead to distinct peptides, you may want to include both in your final list of candidates. The Top Score Filter doesn't yet support 
this but the unfiltered results will still contain these candidates. This assumes you did not start with only a single transcript

> model for each gene (e.g. using the --pick option in ensembl) and also that if you are requiring transcripts with TSL=1 that there

Reviewer: ```suggestion
model for each gene (e.g. using the ``--pick`` option in VEP) and also that if you are requiring transcripts with TSL=1 that there
```
